README.md, before:

# ☕ Brewed Bliss - Coffee Website

Welcome to **Brewed Bliss**, a digital haven for coffee lovers!  
This fully responsive website brings the warmth and charm of a cozy coffeehouse online. Explore our menu, services, gallery, and easily get in touch for orders, reservations, or inquiries.

---

## 📸 Screenshots

### Homepage :
![Homepage Screenshot](images/image.png)

---

## 🌐 Live Demo

The project is live and can be viewed here: [Brewed Bliss Coffee Website](https://tonystark-19.github.io/Coffee-Website/)

---

## 📌 Features

- 🎨 **Fully Responsive Design** – Smooth experience across mobile, tablet, and desktop  
- 📖 **About Section** – Discover our café’s story and philosophy  
- 📋 **Menu Showcase** – Browse through our delicious coffee options  
- 🌟 **Why Us Section** – Highlights our exceptional offerings such as delicious food, great ambiance, and warm hospitality  
- 🖼️ **Gallery Section** – Visual glimpse into our coffeehouse vibe  
- 📞 **Contact Form** – Simple and functional for inquiries and bookings  
- 💬 **Font Awesome Icons** – Elegant and lightweight icons throughout  

---

## 🛠️ Built With

- **HTML5**
- **CSS3**
- **JavaScript (Vanilla)**
- **Font Awesome** (for icons)

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

To run the project locally:

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/TonyStark-19/Coffee-Website.git
   ```

2. Navigate into the project folder:

   ```bash
   cd Coffee-Website
   ```

3. Open `index.html` in your browser.

---

Made with ❤️ by Aditya chandel

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and formatting
Updated project description, added author section, and improved feature list formatting.

README.md, after:

# ☕ Brewed Bliss - Coffee Website

Welcome to **Brewed Bliss**, your digital coffeehouse experience! <br/>
This project brings the cozy warmth, aroma, and atmosphere of a café straight to your screen. Explore the menu, browse the gallery, learn our story, and get in touch—all through a beautifully crafted, fully responsive website.

---

## 📸 Screenshots

| Preview 1 | Preview 2 |
|------------|------------|
| ![Screenshot 1](images/Screenshot/image1.png) | ![Screenshot 2](images/Screenshot/image2.png) |

| Preview 3 | Preview 4 |
|------------|------------|
| ![Screenshot 3](images/Screenshot/image3.png) | ![Screenshot 4](images/Screenshot/image4.png) |

| Preview 5 | Preview 6 |
|------------|------------|
| ![Screenshot 5](images/Screenshot/image5.png) | ![Screenshot 6](images/Screenshot/image6.png) |

---

## 🌐 Live Demo

The project is live and can be viewed here: [Brewed Bliss Coffee Website](https://tonystark-19.github.io/Coffee-Website/)

---

## 📌 Features

- 🎨 Fully Responsive UI – Seamlessly adapts to mobile, tablet, and desktop layouts
- 📖 About Section – Learn more about our café’s story and philosophy
- ☕ Menu Display – Showcasing a variety of delightful coffee and beverages
- 🌟 Why Choose Us Section – Highlights ambiance, food quality, and hospitality
- 🖼️ Gallery Section – Aesthetic visuals reflecting the café's vibe
- 📞 Contact Form – Easy and functional for reservations and inquiries
-💬 Font Awesome Icons – Clean icons for enhanced user experience

---

## 🛠️ Built With

- **HTML5**
- **CSS3**
- **JavaScript (Vanilla)**
- **Font Awesome** (for icons)

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

To run the project locally:

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/TonyStark-19/Coffee-Website.git
   ```

2. Navigate into the project folder:

   ```bash
   cd Coffee-Website
   ```

3. Open `index.html` in your browser.

---

## 💙 Author

Made with ❤️ by **Aditya Chandel** <br />
If you liked this project, feel free to ⭐ the repo!
